Add PHI Map Source (#8522)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/8522.feature.rst

> Add PHIMap class to Solar Orbiter map source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `~sunpy.map.sources.PHIMap` to handle imagery from the Polarimetric and Helioseismic Imager (PHI) on the Solar Orbiter mission.
```
